Grade Pre-2
 7 
From: Ariana Smith ＜arianaariana@peacemail.com＞
To: Jane Jones ＜jane_j30101@thismail.com＞
Date: January 22
Subject: Cooking club recipes
Dear Jane,
I really enjoy our weekly cooking club meetings at the community center. All the
members are so friendly. It’s nice that the members take turns teaching each other
recipes. I get nervous when it’s my turn to teach, but I’m always happy afterward.
Also, I’ve learned how to make a really wide variety of dishes this way. It’s much
better than having just one cooking teacher.
I was telling my friend David about our meetings. David works as a photographer
and designer for a company that publishes books. He suggested that the cooking
club members make a book of our favorite recipes. He said that he would help us to
do it. We could make something to remember our meetings. A book of recipes would
also be a great gift for friends and family members.
I really like his idea. What do you think? We could ask each of the members to
prepare recipes for a snack, a salad, a soup, a main dish, and a dessert. We can
then choose the ones that sound the best and make them during our meetings.
David said that he would be happy to come and take pictures of our food. He’d like
to try some of it, too!
Your friend,
Ariana
(31)
What does Ariana say about the cooking club meetings?
1
She thinks their cooking teacher is very friendly.
2
She likes the way that members teach each other.
3
She feels nervous when new members join.
4
She wants them to be moved to a community center.
(32)
What has Ariana’s friend David suggested?
1
Food made at cooking club meetings could be sold.
2
Friends should be allowed to watch cooking club meetings.
3
The members of the cooking club should produce a book.
4
Ariana could get a job at his publishing company.
(33)
David has offered to
1
think of new recipes for the cooking club.
2
choose the best dishes in a cooking competition.
3
teach Ariana and Jane how to cook various dishes.
4
take photos of food for the cooking club.
次の英文A ，B の内容に関して，(31) から(37) までの質問に対して最
も適切なもの，または文を完成させるのに最も適切なものを1，2，3，4
の中から一つ選び，その番号を解答用紙の所定欄にマークしなさい。
4
A
2022年度第3回検定一次試験（準2級）
copyright2023　公益財団法人日本英語検定協会 
無断転載・複製を禁じます
